Reporting API - tidy up CSPViolationReportBody (#35602)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/cspviolationreportbody/sample/index.md

---
title: "CSPViolationReportBody: sample property"
short-title: sample
slug: Web/API/CSPViolationReportBody/sample
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.CSPViolationReportBody.sample
---

{{APIRef("Reporting API")}}

> The **`sample`** read-only property of the {{domxref("CSPViolationReportBody")}} interface is a string that contains a sample of the resource that caused the [Content Security Policy (CSP)](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP) violation.

Author: Perhaps - related to https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35602/files#r1757639669
```suggestion
The **`sample`** read-only property of the {{domxref("CSPViolationReportBody")}} interface is a string that contains a sample of the resource that was in violation of the [Content Security Policy (CSP)](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP).
```

Author: I'm going to try this and see.

> This is usually the first 40 characters of the inline script, event handler, or style that contains the violation — external resources causing a violation will not generate a sample.

Author: @wbamberg YOu make a good point. We use caused in many places - and it is "OK", because the script doesn't have to run to cause the violation. 

1. Would we be better "generally" using the syntax I put here: https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35602/files#r1757905049

2. For this case, would the following be better?:

```suggestion
This is usually the first 40 characters of the inline script, event handler, or style that violated a CSP restriction — external resources that violate the CSP will not generate a sample.
```

If not populated it is the empty string `""`.

> Note that this is only populated for CSP [`script-src*`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#script-src) and [`style-src*`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#style-src) violations, when the corresponding `Content-Security-Policy` directive contains the [`'report-sample'`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Security-Policy#report-sample) keyword.

Reviewer: This is ambiguous, it might mean:

(1) it's only included for script and style when report-sample is used (but may be included for other directives even when report-sample is omitted)

or

(2) it's only included for script and style, and then only when report-sample is also used

(2) is right I think, but we ought to nail this down.

Also the previous para says it's only for inline scripts/styles, we ought to amalgamate all the conditions in which it's generated into one place.

Author: Done in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/35602/commits/8b07b1392fd3c1db7bfee56317add630ebf5b2fd
